Roles

OAuth2 defines 4 roles :
=========================

Resource Owner: 
===============
generally yourself.

Resource Server:
=================
server hosting protected data (for example Google hosting your profile and personal information).

Client: 
=======
Application requesting access to a resource server (it can be your PHP website, a Javascript application or a mobile application).

Authorization Server: 
=====================
server issuing access token to the client. This token will be used for the client to request the resource server. This server can be the same as the authorization server (same physical server and same application), and it is often the case.
Tokens

Tokens are random strings generated by the authorization server and are issued when the client requests them.

There are 2 types of token:

Access Token:
=============
this is the most important because it allows the user data from being accessed by a third-party application. This token is sent by the client as a parameter or as a header in the request to the resource server. It has a limited lifetime, which is defined by the authorization server. It must be kept confidential as soon as possible but we will see that this is not always possible, especially when the client is a web browser that sends requests to the resource server via Javascript.

Refresh Token: 
===============
this token is issued with the access token but unlike the latter, it is not sent in each request from the client to the resource server. It merely serves to be sent to the authorization server for renewing the access token when it has expired. For security reasons, it is not always possible to obtain this token. We will see later in what circumstances.
Access token scope.
